Add docs for YT Music PO token server (#25)
music-assistant/beta.music-assistant.io: docs/music-providers/youtube-music.md

- Find the item named 'Cookie' and copy the **value**. It is **VERY** important that you copy the exact value. Double check that you do not include any additional spaces or characters at the start/end of the value
[![Cookie value](../assets/screenshots/ytmusic-cookie-value.png)](../assets/screenshots/ytmusic-cookie-value.png)

### Installing the PO Token addon

> As of March 2025, Google has implemented a new security mechanism called 'PO Tokens' (Proof of origin). Music Assistant will not be able to resolve stream urls for your music without a valid PO Token. Luckily, we can automatically generate this for you, but you will need to install an addon for this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of March 2025, Google has implemented a new security mechanism called 'PO Tokens' (Proof of Origin). Music Assistant will not be able to resolve stream urls for your music without a valid PO Token. Luckily, we can automatically generate this for you, but you will need to install an add-on (also available as docker image) for this.
```

> - Within Home Assistant, go to Settings > Addons > Addon Store

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Within Home Assistant, go to Settings > Add-ons > Add-on Store
```

- Scroll down to the 'Music Assistant' section.

> - A new addon called 'YT Music PO Token Generator' is available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A new add-on called 'YT Music PO Token Generator' is available.
```

> - Install this addon and make sure it is started before adding the YT Music provider within Music Assistant

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Install this add-on and make sure it is started before adding the YT Music provider within Music Assistant
```
